Kettlebell, Black Powder Coated, 8kg
£18.99 
In stock 
Strengthshop black powder coated kettlebells; the classic compact tool for improving fitness, strength and mobility.

Uncompromising Quality and Bulletproof Toughness:

These days, kettlebells are easy to come by. Most, however, are not designed with the serious strength athlete in mind. Unlike some of the competition, our kettlebells are virtually indestructable and will literally last a lifetime even under the most rigorous usage.

Over the years, we have worked with various kettlebell athletes and instructors to develop our cast iron kettlebell range to the highest possible standards, without compromising on cost.

Featuring:

Single Piece Casting

Our kettlebells are cast in one single pour, rather than welding or gluing sepatate halves or handles. No fillers, plastic components, caps, plugs or coatings – just pure cast iron through and through.

Unbeatable Durability

Unlike some of the competition, we have never had a cracked handle or broken kettlebell, even under the hardest abuse of commercial gyms and strongman training.

Rugged Black Powder Coating

Matte black powder coating is tough and looks even tougher. The scratches and dents which can occur over time do not radically damage the coating. Unlike lacquer, enamel or plastic, damage will never spread and the finish will never chip away in big pieces.

For more detailed information regarding sizes, handle distances and handle thickness please see the dimensions image.

Why Train with Kettlebells?

No matter what your sport, you stand to benefit from kettlebell training. Once an obscure training implement, kettlebells have enjoyed a huge resurgence in popularity in recent years, and for good reason!

Widely regarded as one of the most versatile and challenging training implements, kettlebells:

build core stability and functional strength through dynamic, compound movements

increase your ability to generate power, which directly translates to increased sports performance

improve range of motion and muscular coordination through challenging and novel training modalities

develop cardiovascular endurance through high intensity work, while saving your joints from the impact of traditional cardio training

build forearm, grip and wrist strength and stability

make an excellent home training tool due to their compact size and price

are extremely versatile - can be used for swings, snatches, cleans, Turkish get-ups, presses, curls, squats, deadlifts, and an endless variety of kettlebell flows. The only limiting factor is your imagination! 